1. Perform installation of Python IDE and configure it 
2. Start using python interpreter and use it as a calculator 
3. Write programs in python to demonstrate the following:
  a. input()
  b. print()
  c. 'sep' attribute 
  d. 'end' attribute
4. Write a program in python to calculate compound interest when principal, rate and number of periods are given.
5. Write a program in python to demonstrate the working of the following:
  a. id()
  b. type()
6. Write a program to enter length and breadth and calculate area of rectangle
7. Write a program to enter radius of circle and calculate area of circle
8. Write a program to get user input with a message
9. Write a program to get integer input in Python
10. Write a program to get multiple integer input in Python 
11. Write a program to enter Name, marks of 5 subject and calculate total & percentage of student
12. Write a program to enter distance in feet and convert it into inches
13. Write a program to enter value of temperature in Fahrenheit and convert it into Celsius.
14. Write a program to enter radius and height of cylinder and calculate volume of cylinder
15. Write a program to read name, address, email and phone number of a person through keyboard and print the details.
16. Write a Python program to demonstrate various base conversion functions.
17. Write a Python program to demonstrate various type conversion functions
18. Demonstrate the following Operators in Python with suitable examples.  
  i) Arithmetic Operators 
  ii) Relational Operators 
  iii) Assignment Operator 
  iv) Logical Operators 
  v) Bit wise Operators 
  vi) Ternary Operator 
  vii) Membership Operators 
  viii) Identity Operators Also show the Operators Precedence.
19. Demonstrate the following Conditional statements in Python with suitable examples.
  i) if statement 
  ii) if else statement 
  iii) if – elif – else statement.
20. Write a program to enter 2 numbers and find the larger of the two 
21. Write a program to enter 3 numbers and find the largest 
22. Write a program to check if a person is eligible for voting or not
23. Write a program to check if an age is teenager or not 
24. Write a program to enter monthly sale of Salesman and give him commission i.e. if the monthly sale is more than 500000 then commission will be 10% of monthly sale otherwise 5%
25. Write a program to input any year and check it is Leap Year or Not
26. Write a program to Input any number and print Absolute value of that number
WAP to input any number and check it is positive or negative number.
27. WAP to sort three numbers.
28. Input temperature of water and print its physical state.
29. Input 3 side of triangle and print the type of triangle Equilateral, Scalene, Isosceles
30. Program to calculate and print roots of a quadratic equation: ax2+bx+c=0 (a!=0)
31. WAP to enter marks of 5 subject and calculate total, percentage and also division.
  Percentage  Division 
  >=60        First 
  >=45        Second
  >=33        Third
32. WAP to input day number and print corresponding day name for e.g if input is 1 output should be SUNDAY and so on.
WAP to enter Bill amount and ask the user the payment mode and give the discount based on payment mode. Also display net payable amount
  Mode              Discount
  Credit Card       10% discount 
  Debit Card        5% discount
  Net Banking       2% discount
  otherwise         0 discount
33. WAP to check entered year is leap year or not
